Github site set up to be used while attending class CS-250 at SNHU.

1) How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help wih this?

The needs of the customers are determined by context and intent as opposed to a requirement statement. The use of "User Stories" conveys a user need and the reason the user's need exists. The sentence structur blank "As a _______ I need _______ So that I can ____," adds depth and meaning to the user need. This increses the likelihood of a satisfactoy solution to the user.

2) How do I approach development programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

Historically I have gathered the requirements for an application, reviewed them and then start planning my development, providing the requirements were sufficient. This was typically not a team activity. Going forward, whether single or alone, I will try to push the requirements into the user story format and develop the test case statements to determine the efforts definition of done. Preferably, this will be done before I writ my first line of code, but I will be flexible. Another new point is that I want to try and show my accomplishment earlier than before. The sooner I can make meaningful accomplishments to present, the sooner I can get feedback and confirmation that I have understood the user stories and that the definition of done was complete. This means that I will have to increase my communication regardless of if I am in a team or alone.

3) What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

Working in a team and being a good team member means honestly committing to the team task at hand. Honest communication within the team, honest participation, fulfilling your commitments, and helping others to fulfill theirs. Everyone on the team needs to have the same goal in mind. This is how groups of ants and carry things many times past a single ant’s ability now for food. Each team member needs to do their part, and everyone needs to head in the same direction. Agile provides tools, methods, artifacts, and motivation to do this, but it is up to each team member to be a team member and do what it takes to help advance the team to its goal. This starts with the individual meeting their commitments and being honest about what they can do so as not to over or under commit on any team tasks. The individual has to be respectful and responsible enough o help the other team members stay the course. Lastly, I personally feel that constructive feedback and honest build-up of other team members help keep the team motivated to work with you and complete the team task.
